# cis700_hw2

PART 2:
One of the first major changes I made was in the Parser class in the get_player_intent() function. I made it so that if the command does not match any prior intent, that the intent would be "guess". In the function parse_command(), I added an elif for this case. 

To handle this case I first made a list of all the alternative commands generated by word-sense-annotations.json. It then uses the function find_most_similar_command() from the Word Embeddings Google Colab to find the alternative command closest to the typed command. Then this alternative command is mapped to a command in the list of "commands" defined earlier:

"commands = [
	'wear crown',
	'smell rose',
	'eat fish',
	'light lamp',
	'give fish to troll',
	'propose to the princess',
	'go north',
] "

Then it treats this new command as an intent=="special" command to execute it if it can, if not, the parser elects to do nothing on this input.

A few other things to note of the implementation: I copied over code from the two provided Colabs to enable the use of WordNet and Word Embeddings, inlcuding an implemented version of find_most_similar_command() which uses construct_sentence_vector() within it. 

construct_sentence_vector() just adds each word vector in the sentence together and divided by the number of words to average it. find_most_similar_command() first creates a dictionary with key/value pairs corresponding to command/command_vector. Then I loop through and choose the command whose vector is most similar to the inputted commands vector using the provided vectors.similiarity() function.

Additionally, I read from word-sense-annotations.json to create the variables "word_senses", "confirmed_hypernyms", and "confirmed_hyponyms" and used these to create the dictionary of alternative_commands as described in the WordNet Colab. This allows us to avoid manually annotating every time we want to play the game. As long as there is a word-sense-annotations.json file in the directory: '/content/drive/My Drive/word-sense-annotations.json' of your Google Drive, then this part should work. This requires mounting your drive and making sure the file is properly located before attempting to play. 

The game should run properly by clicking "Run all" under the "Runtime" tab. This will ask you to mount your Google Drive, and if your word-sense-annotations.json file is in the correct place, the game should run fine.

PART 3:
For my own game, I added the sentiment analysis code from the third provided Colab. In my game, you begin in the mind of Ratso and must leave before being able to interact with the world as normal. In the original game, you only needed to say "out" to start the game. 

Now, you are instructed to hit 'enter' (much like the title screen of a video game). You will then be asked to say something positive before you start your day. This is in line with the general theme of the game such as self-care, self-love, positive thoughts, and general self-forgiveness in tough times. 

The user then inputs something nice like "friends are good" or "I am happy" and the game will let you wake up and properly begin. If the user inputs something mean or bad the game will end, similar to the notino of "if you have a bad attitude you've lost to begin with". But if your statement is pretty neutral or ambiguous, the game reluctantly lets you continue.


